Vignette edits (#1257)
rstudio/keras: vignettes/guides/customizing_what_happens_in_fit.Rmd

library(keras)
```

## Summary

> In this guide you learn how to customize what happens when you call `fit(model)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide you learn how to customize what happens when you call `fit(model)`. This functionality presupposes that you define your own custom model.
```

> You see how to subclass `keras$Model` and create your own custom keras Model,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To that end, you see how to subclass `keras$Model`
```

> with it's own custom `train_step()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, defining a custom `train_step()` method that does what you need.
```
